---
layout: minimal/post
title: "Overdose"
description: ""
category: "politics"
tags: []
---
{% include JB/setup %}

October 28, an angry crowd of Yale students confronts an administrator because he believes prohibiting Halloween costumes so as not to offend minority students is counter-productive.
A student screams indignant questions at him and then screams "SHUT UP" when he attempts to answer them.

Yale is the latest example of the militant political correctness being exercised at many universities.
Sometimes the light hurts your eyes, so students turn away to look at the Shadows.

The free exchange of ideas through ardently defended free speech is the Atlas of the Progressive world: a foundational right on which all other rights rest, and Yale is shrugging.
All by itself ultra-sensitivity is probably not a good trait to cultivate but when accompanied by attempts at censorship and intimidation they undermine all other liberal achievement.

These children are unaware that the machinery of suppression which they are constructing is always in danger of turning against them.
Like those before them they should fight desperately against the machine.
Instead the serpent eats itself. It's taken the first bite.

It reminds me of the way conservatives miss that the structures they blithely watch suppress the black lives matters protests and absolve police of responsibility for unprovoked violence are the same structures that will be used to wrest away their freedoms.
The construction of a legal police state should be the primary worry of every conservative, but because it is being done to the Other they are hoodwinked.

In both situations idealogues' fervor undermines the principles they claim to uphold.
Wake up.
